README.md, before:

# Portfolio Website Template

A free and open-source personal portfolio website template built to help you showcase your projects, skills, and professional background online.

## ✨ Features

- Clean, responsive design
- Easy to customize with your own content
- Sections for projects, skills, about, and contact
- Mobile-friendly and SEO-ready
- Works out of the box — just edit and deploy!

## 🚀 Getting Started

### 1. Clone the repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/your-username/portfolio-template.git
cd portfolio-template
```

### 2. Customize

Edit the HTML/CSS/JS files to add your:
- Name, bio, and profile picture
- Projects and skills
- Social media links
- Contact information

You can also personalize the colors, layout, or add new sections as needed.

### 3. Deploy

You can host your portfolio for free using:
- GitHub Pages
- Vercel
- Netlify

## 🧑‍🎓 Background

This project was originally built as part of CS50's Introduction to intellectual enterprises of Computer Science and the Art of Programming— Problem Set: Homepage. It has since been improved and open-sourced to help others create and customize their own professional web presence.

## 💡 Inspiration

This project is designed to help developers and creators easily get their own professional website online. Whether you're just starting out or updating your online presence, feel free to use this as your base.

## 📜 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. You're free to use, modify, and share it for personal or commercial purposes.

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, suggestions, and improvements are welcome! Feel free to open issues or submit pull requests.

---

Made with ❤️ and the goal of giving back to the developer community.

Commit message:

docs: update README with licensing, CS50 context, and usage guidelines
- Added a "Background" section acknowledging that the project was originally created as part of Harvard CS50’s Introduction to Computer Science (Homepage problem set).
- Included a warning against academic dishonesty to prevent misuse of the open-source code.
- Added a proper MIT License section to clarify legal reuse and encourage ethical contributions.
- Improved clarity and formatting throughout the README to make the project easier to understand and adopt.

This update aligns the documentation with open-source standards while preserving academic integrity.

README.md, after:

# Portfolio Website Template

A free and open-source personal portfolio website template built to help you showcase your projects, skills, and professional background online.

## ✨ Features

- Clean, responsive design
- Easy to customize with your own content
- Sections for projects, skills, about, and contact
- Mobile-friendly and SEO-ready
- Works out of the box — just edit and deploy!

## 🚀 Getting Started

### 1. Clone the repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/your-username/portfolio-template.git
cd portfolio-template
```

### 2. Customize

Edit the HTML/CSS/JS files to add your:
- Name, bio, and profile picture
- Projects and skills
- Social media links
- Contact information

You can also personalize the colors, layout, or add new sections as needed.

### 3. Deploy

You can host your portfolio for free using:
- GitHub Pages
- Vercel
- Netlify

## 🧑‍🎓 Background

This project was originally built as part of CS50's Introduction to intellectual enterprises of Computer Science and the Art of Programming— Problem Set: Homepage. It has since been improved and open-sourced to help others create and customize their own professional web presence.

  ⚠️ This project was submitted as part of CS50 and reflects my original work. Please do not 
      copy or submit it as your own work in any academic course.
    

## 💡 Inspiration

This project is designed to help developers and creators easily get their own professional website online. Whether you're just starting out or updating your online presence, feel free to use this as your base.

## 📜 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. You're free to use, modify, and share or redistribute it for personal or commercial purposes. All I ask is that you preserve the license and credit the original project when possible.

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, suggestions, and improvements are welcome! Feel free to open issues or submit pull requests.

---

Made with ❤️ and the goal of giving back to the developer community.
